more
[Music]
the same reason that we did not know it
was inside one of its mothers is
very powerful it has newspapers and magazines
you are the one who can save this
family
[Music]
audio
and still you want to invite me to have a
coffee
class in mosul  Just yesterday the school
signed a study program with the
university of columbia in new york
that guarantees subsequent access to that
university the program and university studies
will be fully
funded
by a generous sponsor said that
the winner and it was signed
because yesterday  Polo's mother was
in your office,
if she can, we are also going to introduce ourselves
very well, as the acute
lymphocytic leukemia is a
fast-growing cancer that means we
have to be faster than he accused.
to say what is
designing you,
this is you,
you suck as [ __ ],
this we wanted, it
is clear that you are going to leave
I'm crying because you still  I don't have the
shock in my body but of course you're going to
get out of the way to meet
the romantic hero plan that you want to
get me away from the pain some of those [ __ ]
that I'm taking away and what do you want
if you tell me the disaster or ugly all this
hell is just over  study and mine is
over forever
I did not want to kill Marina
an accident very bad it was an accident
you are strong
dt a
I am the shame of my family
there was
hello
hey yes
I know I want to collect the prize good
at least try it keep looking for a
mail
I do not want to regret having done
what I want
because do
what you want to do you have to do it
[Music]
a population please a cure
and leave
[Music] the
better it will be
I am malik a friend of no one
next year I will also
study in new york and it would be a pleasure to take
care of her your brother seems
willing to drop the charges could
come back as a free man in one thing
we have been
following up on sandra l for a while  Galician Ópez and
place a small listening device.
You've told
him I'm sorry, so don't say anything.
That's going to be the hospital, even if I have
to drag it. Okay.
[Music]
This is with milk.
Model mother
told her to give her the jacket,
I put it on, I move it, we are partners and
we go fifty and fifty, what do you
think because you will understand that
you
cannot look how you want it,
right June
2,
just like that if I can think of a place
where we would not enter into competition with
anyone
let's say there is a lot of market
where
the oaks
are on the line
I have cancer
the lawyers will take a few days to
sign
the only thing that there is a clause that
allows finding and withdrawing the financing
at any time during the
first five years
on  who sold my mother has to
appear in the recordings fixed because
there was a camera all over the house so you can set up
an orgy at home to see if there are
three of us orgy is not technical  Mom,
the three of us are dating, how are you going to
be with two people at the same time and how do
you wish
that if we fail
and walk
before them,
what is this
[Music]
to the area
[Applause]
and we saw one thing,
you approached me just for that  It
has not been all a lie
and cheat on me
is something that I can not control
but that it was you
have thought of me at some point
[Music]
you are going to approach her because it
is wrong or you do not realize what  They do
not deserve the scholarship
is the only one that is not ashamed to
play well in a good one and ops already of
spinal cord and the tomography that
we did is not what we expected the
proportion of the blast info is still
much higher than 30 percent so
Soon we are going to have to continue
with the chemo trab,
we are the scammer, the murderer and the
drug dealer, to start a joke, it's
great but I don't even [ __ ]
like that that
country is from here,
both of us are, you don't need anyone,
much less  to a man nobody
If the woman who has been able to
beat me whom I admire, damn
Azucena, agrees that
we share the scholarship, yes, the
budget is what it is, so each
one will have to spend with half the
money for food stay, thanks
But what
[Music]
for the law
and since the return of Christmas you
have not done more than make life
miserable. Come on, don't count milongas
kids. This is a matter of the
polo mother who entered here just before
us.  or it is not lily
the decision is made
this is out of school and it is not
graduating if you are not in love with me
for life
these injustices are the responsibility of
a single person
hello
we are getting into it
because your mothers invented it to
wash you image basically  but I
immediately canceled
everything has been a trap
to locate your family stop your
brother if there was a change in
section 3 of class 4 on the
management of the wineries  She will already be the
sole and exclusive manager of the wineries
and the associated heritage as soon as she
turns 18, which is between a little bit
alleges that Carla will be the owner and Mrs.
Tamayo Marine Magic
as you know all the damage you do her
you have no [ __ ] idea of hell  That
is for him he knows that you are combined
once for
free someone has wanted
but if he wants nobody
be envious
[Music]
forgive him
he could not
[Music]
please a plurality
an ascend it was my fault he
will follow us here all together and free
and we end this [ __ ]  forever
and it is found in the footprints of all of
us in that [ __ ] bottle
before coming, because of what his mother gave me
is because they canceled it,
I
still want the call because if we find the
traces of dust in the trophy we
would have to reopen the investigation, you can  be
oxford columbia harvard
whatever university you want we don't pay for everything i
think it's about time i accept that i have
the money i have
and i have the family i have  and the
surname I have and you are aware
that you cannot go to study
abroad
but the non-human marsh valerio is the head of the
wineries.
If you ever decide to return
[ __ ]
chemo then one hundred years that will
continue to be by your side well at this point
hospital and repeating course study
remission they just told me
[Music]
I don't know anyone uncle
why not
[Music]